Rework the Offset_Wizard article (#5250)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Options/Offset_Wizard/en.md

> # Offset wizard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Offset Wizard
```

> *See also: [How to use the Offset Wizard](/wiki/Guides/How_to_Use_the_Offset_Wizard) and [universal offset](/wiki/Universal_offset)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*See also: [How to use the Offset Wizard](/wiki/Guides/How_to_Use_the_Offset_Wizard) and [Universal offset](/wiki/Universal_offset)*
```

---
needs_cleanup: true

> ---

Reviewer: also this can be removed too i guess

Author: Sweet, thank you for the help again : )

# Offset wizard

> *See also: [How To Use The Offset Wizard](/wiki/Guides/How_to_Use_the_Offset_Wizard) and [universal offset](/wiki/Universal_offset)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*See also: [How to use the Offset Wizard](/wiki/Guides/How_to_Use_the_Offset_Wizard) and [universal offset](/wiki/Universal_offset)*
```

> To access the Offset Wizard, open the [Options](..) menu and type `offset` into the quick-search. Then click on the `Offset wizard` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Offset Wizard, open the [Options](/wiki/Options) menu and type `offset` into the quick-search. Then click on the `Offset wizard` button.
```

> The Offset Wizard is used to assist the user in calibrating the [universal offset](/wiki/Universal_offset) to the correct value for their device. This is necessary when the [hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) feel out of sync with the music, across every beatmap you play. For more information on how to do this, see [How to use the Offset Wizard](/wiki/Guides%2FHow_to_Use_the_Offset_Wizard).

Reviewer: this line and L9 should be swapped i think

```suggestion
The **Offset Wizard** is a built-in tool that assists the user in calibrating the [universal offset](/wiki/Universal_offset) to the correct value for their device. This is necessary when the [hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) feel out of sync with the music, across every beatmap you play.
```

Author: Yeah definitely, not sure why I had it like that in the first place.

> Upon opening the Offset Wizard, the user is greeted with a metronome playing and vertical green bars scrolling across the screen repeatedly. The song that was last playing/selected will begin playing, however, this can be changed at the top right of the screen via the `Now Playing` menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon opening the Offset Wizard, the user is greeted with a metronome ticking, and vertical green bars scrolling across the screen repeatedly. The song that was last selected will begin playing, although this can be changed via the jukebox at the top right corner of the screen .
```

> The current universal offset will be displayed at the top left of the screen, which can be changed by pressing the `Up arrow` and `Down arrow`, or by using the mouse scroll wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current universal offset will be displayed at the top left corner of the screen. It can be changed by pressing the `Up arrow` and `Down arrow`, or by using the mouse scroll wheel.
```

> Underneath the universal offset display are three options that change the speed of the metronome. Enabling `Half tick` will double the amount of time between ticks on the metronome, making it slower, and reveals the `Tick on other beat` option. Enabling `Tick on other beat` will keep the time between metronome ticks the same as `Half tick`, but changes what tick it begins on, therefore offsetting it. Lastly, enabling `Double tick` will halve the amount of time between ticks on the metronome, making it faster. These options are used to adjust the metronome, to make it better fit the song that is playing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Underneath the universal offset value display are three options that change the speed of the metronome. Enabling `Half tick` will double the amount of time between ticks on the metronome, making it slower. This will also reveal the `Tick on other beat` option. Enabling `Tick on other beat` will keep the time between metronome ticks the same as on `Half tick`, but on a different beat. Lastly, enabling `Double tick` will halve the amount of time between ticks on the metronome, making it faster. These options are used to adjust the metronome, to make it fit the song that is playing better.
```

Author: The rest of this is fine, but moving "better" makes it a bit confusing to read and is kind of iffy grammar.

> The green bars scrolling across the screen are "ticks". When they pass through the vertical line in the centre of the screen, they will flash white and will play a tick sound to represent the beat. Ticks add a useful visual aspect in the process of calibrating the universal offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The green bars scrolling across the screen are "ticks". When they pass through the vertical line in the centre of the screen, they will flash white and play a tick sound to represent the beat. Ticks add a useful visual aspect in the process of calibrating the universal offset.
```

> To exit the Offset Wizard, simply click the `Back` button at the bottom left of the screen. Upon exiting, the universal offset value displayed in the Offset Wizard screen will be set as the universal offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exit the Offset Wizard, simply click the `Back` button at the bottom left corner of the screen, or press `Esc`. Upon exiting, the universal offset value displayed in the Offset Wizard screen will be set as the universal offset.
```
